Release 3.0.2 GA (#1451)
microsoft/ApplicationInsights-Java: CHANGELOG.md

# CHANGELOG

# Version 3.0.2 GA
* Fix App Services logback parser exceptions.

> * Log instead of throwing exception on unbridged API [#1442](https://github.com/microsoft/ApplicationInsights-Java/issues/1442)
> * Support request getId
> * Support operation getId

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Log instead of throwing exception on unbridged API [#1442](https://github.com/microsoft/ApplicationInsights-Java/issues/1442)
* Fix role name config [#1450](https://github.com/microsoft/ApplicationInsights-Java/issues/1450)
* Support more interop with 2.x SDK ThreadContext (getId and getParentId)
```
